Kiosk SDK V2 Docs (#13571)
MystenLabs/sui: sdk/docs/pages/kiosk/kiosk-client/querying.mdx

# Querying

You can use the `kioskClient` to query kiosk data. It helps you get owned kiosks for an address, as
well as fetching all the contents of a specified kiosk.

## Querying owned Kiosks

> Querying owned kiosks returns a list of `kioskOwnerCaps` as well as a list of the `kioskIds`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Querying owned kiosks returns a list of `kioskOwnerCaps`, as well as a list of the `kioskIds`.
```

> `KioskOwnerCap` is important in this case, as it is used for managing an owned kiosk as well as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`KioskOwnerCap` is important in this case, as it is used for managing an owned kiosk, as well as
```

purchasing.

```typescript
const kioskClient = new KioskClient({...});
const address = '0xAddress'

> // We can go ahead and do actions, like querying the owned kiosks for an address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// You can perform actions, like querying the owned kiosks for an address.
```

const { kioskOwnerCaps, kioskIds } = await kioskClient.getOwnedKiosks({ address });
console.log(kioskOwnerCaps);

/**

>  * An example response for an address that owns 2 kiosks (one of which is personal)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * An example response for an address that owns two kiosks (one of which is personal)
```

[
  {
    isPersonal: true,
    digest: '9mstxLa87E3VEewQ62EEQDKb7ZH2irrEXeMetQjQHzXz',
    version: '18',
    objectId: '0x5d4df1b8da5e1b6bafbb4b7dc5c73e532324d82c86e331f71bf1ea5dff18dccc',
    kioskId: '0x8453fc71611ce8ff73efcca42ed241dcaf7dc65411b56a7be42e6a0bc3d72c13'
  },
  {
    isPersonal: false,
    digest: '8fsKgCh5c2ycPKMVUqUz2H6D9WkPjRHmGP454z67afJh',
    version: '15',
    objectId: '0x84f5a9a1379d73eceae03d0578637936e208daa809e04ec07a8085c798a980fd',
    kioskId: '0xf8c826aae52bc576768032ce496b7fc349f9003603ed1541c8033fc5c2dd2d2c'
  }
]
 */
```

> ## Querying Kiosk content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Querying kiosk content
```

> You can follow the sample to query a kiosk's contents. It's recommended to save the `items`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can follow the sample to query a kiosk's contents. We recommend saving the `items`
```

structure (`KioskItem`), as it's useful when you're trying to purchase from one.

`listing` field only applies on items that are listed for sale.

```typescript
const kioskClient = new KioskClient({...});

const id = `0xKioskId`;

> // We can go ahead and do actions, like querying the owned kiosks for an address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// You can perform actions, like querying the owned kiosks for an address.
```

      kioskId: '0x6d45df1942c11048a9182e3f732262e6e3c95ddd2e5f338c565f531717c2617f',
      listing: undefined,
      data: {
        objectId: '0x34def97cb8c357fcfdf22f72421d4f6f01706662acf7be1afb6e7391d5491372',
        version: '15',
        digest: 'J1MdmHUCXJEKd86rkmMwWASMV86wGkVS9P6SFPyRaKVV',
        display: { data: null, error: null },
        content: {
          dataType: 'moveObject',
          type: '0xd12f8e0fdae3f5d88d2fc4af2e869ea503491e2d8da5f3136320b65bdcf70ab3::hero::Hero',
          hasPublicTransfer: true,
          fields: {
            id: {
              id: '0x34def97cb8c357fcfdf22f72421d4f6f01706662acf7be1afb6e7391d5491372'
            },
            level: 1
          }
        }
      }
    }
  ],
  itemIds: [
    '0xf65e88a33466763cabd11b7c2a57938cf4fa707c6cf767cb428894e14caf1537',
    '0x34def97cb8c357fcfdf22f72421d4f6f01706662acf7be1afb6e7391d5491372'
  ],
  listingIds: [],
  extensions: [],
  kiosk: {
    id: '6d45df1942c11048a9182e3f732262e6e3c95ddd2e5f338c565f531717c2617f',
    profits: '100000',
    owner: '96300f8d9064f954f99db2d7fbe2ad0c5e4344f0e22392330285d399498cfaf3',
    itemCount: 2,
    allowExtensions: false
  }
}
 */
```

> ## Querying Transfer Policy for Type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Querying transfer policy for type
```

```typescript
const kioskClient = new KioskClient({...});

const itemType = '0xAddress::hero::Hero';

> // We can go ahead and do actions, like querying the owned kiosks for an address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// You can perform actions, like querying the owned kiosks for an address.
```

const policies = await kioskClient.getTransferPolicies(itemType)
console.log(policies);

/* An example output of the response
[
  {
    id: '0x074847055fe4ea9a7f51eeaf095c05875509403059115af121cfea9b8de355de',
    type: '0x2::transfer_policy::TransferPolicy<0x85926b03d56e49bedfca558fc6a2540d43bdfb5c218190d63b571f33afe255f8::hero::Hero>',
    owner: { Shared: { initial_shared_version: 5 } },
    rules: [
      'a82212d931d3bc7c3401552d935abced7b7fd41d4f57a99f0f47b9196b2f57f5::kiosk_lock_rule::Rule',
      'a82212d931d3bc7c3401552d935abced7b7fd41d4f57a99f0f47b9196b2f57f5::floor_price_rule::Rule',
      'a82212d931d3bc7c3401552d935abced7b7fd41d4f57a99f0f47b9196b2f57f5::royalty_rule::Rule',
      'a82212d931d3bc7c3401552d935abced7b7fd41d4f57a99f0f47b9196b2f57f5::personal_kiosk_rule::Rule'
    ],
    balance: '20000'
  }
]
*/
```

> ## Get Owned Transfer Policies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Get owned transfer policies
```

> Queries to find all the owned transfer policies. Useful to manage transfer policies easily, and can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Queries to find all the owned transfer policies. Useful to manage transfer policies, and can
```

> be combined with `TransferPolicyTransaction` to easily add or remove rules & withdraw profits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be combined with `TransferPolicyTransaction` to easily add or remove rules and withdraw profits.
```

```typescript

> // assuming we have a kioskClient instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Assuming we have a kioskClient instance.
```

const kioskClient = new KioskClient({...});

> // the address that owns the transfer policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// The address that owns the transfer policies.
```

const address = '0xAddress';

> // We can go ahead and do actions, like querying the owned kiosks for an address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// You can perform actions, like querying the owned kiosks for an address.
```

const policies = await kioskClient.getOwnedTransferPolicies({ address });
console.log(policies);

/**
 * An example output of the response
[
  {
    policyId: '0x6b6eca8df6e70ea6447e639ef26b519039b5e9123642258eea1b3c781e94faca',
    policyCapId: '0x34a4794d4ad6578ac345d23ca0f7a4632ca88de297daaf24a1cdbc91e1547be4',
    type: '0xbe01d0594bedbce45c0e08c7374b03bf822e9b73cd7d555bf39c39bbf09d23a9::hero::Hero'
  },
  {
    policyId: '0x87ac2dd80011ed2de9c7916a19145ff520959acd3d8c3dbd100aa74b34155a0a',
    policyCapId: '0x858edda13c5c9086b2491eafed39e0ea58511268bb90d90464a2d7b5ed3f3880',
    type: '0xbe01d0594bedbce45c0e08c7374b03bf822e9b73cd7d555bf39c39bbf09d23a9::hero::Villain'
  }
]
*/
```

## Get Owned Transfer Policies by Type

Queries to find all the owned transfer policies for a specific type. Useful to manage transfer

> policies easily, and can be combined with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
policies, and can be combined with
```

```typescript

> // assuming we have a kioskClient instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Assuming you have a kioskClient instance.
```

const kioskClient = new KioskClient({...});

> // the address that owns the transfer policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// The address that owns the transfer policies.
```

const address = '0xAddress';

> // the type of the transfer policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// The type of the transfer policy.
```

const type = '0xbe01d0594bedbce45c0e08c7374b03bf822e9b73cd7d555bf39c39bbf09d23a9::hero::Hero';

> // we can query by type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// We can query by type.
```
